# Animal Crossing: Crafting Recipe Database

This repository contains a few inter-related applications that process, serve, and display
data related to all of the crafting recipes from the game: **Animal Crossing: New Horizons**.

A big inspiration for this project was and is the
[Stardew Profits](https://thorinair.github.io/Stardew-Profits/) web application, which helps
users figure out which crops to plant in order to maximize profits.

## Web Scraper (`data/app.py`)

This component of the application is a web scraper that uses Selenium to scrape a few pages from
the [Fandom Animal Crossing Wiki](https://animalcrossing.fandom.com/wiki/Animal_Crossing_Wiki)
in order to generate a JSON document that contains all of the information on crafting recipes
and raw materials from the Wiki.

## GraphQL API (`graphql-backend/app.py`)

This component serves the data generated by the web scraper as a GraphQL API, containing the
following endpoints:

- `wikiBaseUrl: String`: Returns the base URL for the Animal Crossing Fandom Wiki.
- `rawMaterial(id: String): RawMaterial`: Returns a single raw material, using the raw material's ID.
- `rawMaterials: [RawMaterial]`: Returns a list of all raw materials.
- `recipe(id: String):` Recipe: Returns a single recipe using the recipe's ID.
- `recipes(rawMaterialId: StringrecipeIds: [String]): [Recipe]`: Returns a list of recipes. Has a few filter options.
- `craftableRecipes(rawMaterials: [CraftableRecipeRawMaterialArg]): [CraftableRecipeResponse]`: Returns a list of recipes that can be crafted based on a list of raw materials.

## Web Interface

The intent of was to also provide a web interface that allowed users to easily answer questions about
all of the crafting recipes that are available in the game. Some of the questions that I had in mind
while playing the game and working on the web scraper and backend API were:

- What are all of the recipes that use iron nuggets? Clay? Hardwood?
- How much are each of those recipes worth?
- I don't have this recipe... where can I get it?
- How many of this recipe can I craft based on what I currently have on hand?
- Are there any recipes that are worth more than others, relative to the materials that each requires?
- What is the maximum profit that I can make from all of the wood, stone, iron, and clay that I have and what do I need to craft to achieve that?

Work on this component of the application has not yet begun. Please let me know if you are interested
in working on the web interface component by opening an issue on this repository or by emailing me at.

> Austin Schaffer
> 
> schaffer.austin.t (at) gmail.com

Part of the reason why work on the web interface was never started was because catching Tarantulas and
playing the Stalk Market are vastly more profitable, relative to the work required. I still believe that
the crafting system in the game is interesting and exploitable, and this application may still be useful
to those who are looking to maximize their profit on the materials that they've acquired over time.
